# C00-Xharyies

> [01/06/2026 16:50] Sasuken09: Backstory.
>> 1. Xharyies’s story is quite the weird one. 
>> 2. His birth was a much confusing event, and so is his lineage. 
>> 3. His mother, Keytris is a respectable elven magician, well-known in her local community for her services, whose magic was innately tied to the First World, descending from a minor branch of powerful fey creatures. 
>> 4. Rarlnyx, his father, was an incubus, vicious demons who prey on sleeping women to reproduce. 
>> 5. He didn’t have much of a moral compass, being the creature he was. 
>> 6. And from their unholy union, Xharyies was born. 
>> 7. Keytris one day was quite weak after an intense day of magical activity and severely energy-draining ritual, so that’s when Rarlnyx struck. 
>> 8. Led to her by her innate magical capabilities and the energy generated by the ritual, he stalked her for a while and then approached her as she was trying to get in bed to sleep. 
>> 9. Her protection amulets had temporarily lost their magic due to the ritual, so he was able to cast a spell on her and get close enough to do his evil deeds. 
>> 10. Unfortunately for him, Kaytris didn’t live alone, but with a bunch of animals, that he deemed too stupid and innocuous to care about, a fatal error. 
>> 11. A smart raccoon had witnessed the whole scene, and he scurried out of the house, rushing to get help. When said help got there, the reproductive ritual was at its peak. 
>> 12. But then, it got interrupted. Two clean cuts, horizontally. 
>> 13. The severed head of Rarlnyx rolled on the floor. 
>> 14. Keytries unfortunately had already received the incubus’ “gift”, and there was nothing that could be done to stop the development of the child, with the magic they had available. 
>> 15. And so, Xharyies was born. 
>> 16. Not a full demon, as the ritual got interrupted before it could come to an end, but still marked by his father’s nature. 
>> 17. Xharyies didn’t have an easy childhood growing up. 
>> 18. The other children would bully him for being a hybrid, purposely avoiding him or at times even throwing small objects like stones or pieces of glass at him. 
>> 19. So, he was pretty much always alone, isolated from the rest, forced to stay home with his mother. 
>> 20. She was at first quite disinterested with his care, but overtime, she slowly came to realise that she could not ignore him forever and grew to care about him. 
>> 21. She was in ecstasy when Xharyies showed signs of magical abilities, and they seemed more akin to hers than anything demonic. 
>> 22. She guided him through his magical development and helped him find the magic within. 
>> 23. Except, he also found the magic outside of him. Music. 
>> 24. From the songs his mother used to sing to him and by virtue of a little lute she had made for him, he managed to harness magic. 
>> 25. Whenever he showed his musical skills in public, walking around playing, he’d get tolerated but would get a few weird glances. 
>> 26. Except, they slowly started growing, from a few to quite the amount, until basically everyone was seemingly holding back from doing anything to him. 
>> 27. He could not figure out why that was the case. 
>> 28. He’d been purposefully keeping his “weird” abilities hidden, why would they be angry if he was just trying to be like them? 
>> 29. One day, his mother called him in her room. 
>> 30. The elders had decided it wasn’t safe for the other inhabitants, with him around. 
>> 31. He had to leave. Xharyies was distraught. 
>> 32. He cried and begged, but there was nothing that could move the cold hearts of the elders. 
>> 33. His mother cried as he left his birthplace, but he promised to her he would someday come back, stronger than before, so that no one could stop him from living with his mother again. 
>> 34. She secretly allowed the raccoon that had gotten help during Xharyies conception to follow him on his travels, and so Xharyies brought Coonie the raccoon with him, from that moment onwards. 
>> 35. Unfortunately, the world is quite cruel, and for an elf that hasn’t even come of age yet, it can be hard to handle. 
>> 36. He wandered for a long time, trying to get by with his artistic talent and limited magic. 
>> 37. That wasn’t enough, and he had to resort to using his endearing appearance and mind-manipulation magic to survive. 
>> 38. What he’d kept hidden away so far had to be used. 
>> 39. And he started leaning into it a bit too comfortably, taking on a mellow, cute behaviour to ingratiate himself with others and get food and shelter. 
>> 40. But he did not forget the promise he made to his mother. 
>> 41. Become stronger, maybe famous, and then go back to her.

> Description 
>> 1. Xharyies tries constantly to make it seem like he’s just another elf, by hiding any sort of feature that could even remotely give way to doubts. 
>> 2. Luckily, he’s one of those people that are considered objectively good-looking, and his charm, and sweet and kind personality help his image a lot. 
>> 3. His hair is kept long, as customary for elves. 
>> 4. His clothes are fine, well-woven and embroidered, with a long cape for style and to hide his tail.
>> 5. He always keeps the small Coonie in a tiny pouch he has made specifically for him, on his upper back, so that he can easily come out when necessary.
